The
support through which
their mother used to walk on the thorny path I don't know
why today we remembered that support
Those children who have no relation with us With whom
we did not share any sorrow I don't
know where those angels have gone today O
angels, where have you disappeared leaving us in this selfish world Have
you slept peacefully in heaven
We are talking about
those innocent children martyred in Peshawar Who had just
learned to fly in life
But little did they know that
someone would cut their little wings like this
We are praying to God for the parents of those innocent children
Oh God give them strength, give them strength
[Music] Let us
all together pray
to God We want peace
in life We
want loyalty
in love
[Praise]
[Music] We
pray that it should
not be late in changing the circumstances O
Lord, what we have seen, let there be
no darkness again
[Music] O
Lord,
you are the only
trust, you are the only
support There is no one in your world,
our God or Allah, listen to our call
God or Allah is the
giver God or Allah,
listen to our call God or
Allah is the
giver [Music] You are the only
trust, you are the only support  There is no
support for us in this world of yours
God or
Allah listen to this call
God or Allah's
giver God
yaaya listen to this call God or Allah's
giver
[Music]
We cannot bear to see this time of devastation
In a ruined town these suffering
humans can not bear to see this time of devastation
In a ruined town these suffering humans are
standing alone with pieces of little bodies
In the smoke of gunpowder you alone speak out You are the only
hope, you alone are the only
support There is no one for us in this world of yours
God or Allah listen to this call O God this giver God Ala
listen to this call When
you must have picked up the gun and aimed
Surely the name of Allah Akbar must have come to your mind you fool
you must not have seen the eyes of the innocent The
head that was your target The one who
died from your bullet was some Akbar of Allah I am a fool I am the
master why have you given us this
punishment What is the poison of hatred in everyone's heart I am a fool I am the
punishment What is the poison of hatred in everyone's heart I
remind them again the lesson Let that
garden of love be built again  This world is full of thorns, I have only one
hope, you are my only
support, in this world of yours, there is no one for
us, my glory has come,
listen to my call, God or Allah, is it God
Allah, listen to my call, the
God
or
Allah is Jesus,
soul, come
[music], O
God [music],
listen
[music],
listen to my call, come
one call, God Allah, glory,
Allah, listen to my call, the
giver of God or Allah, God or
Allah, listen to my call, O God or
Allah
[music],
giver